---
layout: archive
title: "Research"
permalink: /research/
author_profile: true
---
{% include base_path %}


As an astrophysicist, my primary research interest is in the field of gravitational waves (GWs). GWs are ripples in spacetime, generated by the acceleration of massive objects, and are a direct prediction of Einstein's general theory of relativity. Since the first direct detection of GWs by LIGO in 2015, this field has seen tremendous growth and advancement. The detection of gravitational waves has also opened up new avenues for research in theoretical and computational astrophysics. My research interests lie in several aspects of gravitational wave astronomy.

One area of particular interest to me is the population study of intermediate-mass black holes. These black holes are expected to fill the mass gap between stellar-mass black holes and supermassive black holes. The detection of intermediate-mass black holes would not only be important for understanding their formation mechanisms but also have important implications for the evolution of galaxies.

I am also interested in multi-band observations of binary black holes, where gravitational wave observations can be combined with other types of observations, such as electromagnetic or neutrino observations, to improve our understanding of the sources. This can provide us with a more complete picture of the astrophysical processes involved in the formation and evolution of binary black holes.

In addition, I am interested in tests of general relativity using gravitational wave observations. General relativity has been remarkably successful in describing the behavior of gravity on all scales, but there are still unanswered questions, such as the nature of dark matter and dark energy. Gravitational waves offer a unique opportunity to test general relativity in extreme regimes, where its predictions may differ from other theories of gravity.

Please feel free to contact me if you are interested in working with me or learning more about my research.